com/cs673/gofoodie/models/SpotLocations.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.models.SpotLocations
com/cs673/gofoodie/models/FoodTruck.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.models.FoodTruck
com/cs673/gofoodie/controllers/GoFoodieSpotBookingController.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.controllers.GoFoodieSpotBookingController
com/cs673/gofoodie/repositories/RoleRepository.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.repositories.RoleRepository
com/cs673/gofoodie/ServletInitializer.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.ServletInitializer
com/cs673/gofoodie/GofoodieApplication.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.GofoodieApplication
com/cs673/gofoodie/models/FoodTruckMenu.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.models.FoodTruckMenu
com/cs673/gofoodie/repositories/LocationRepository.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.repositories.LocationRepository
com/cs673/gofoodie/controllers/AuthController.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.controllers.AuthController
com/cs673/gofoodie/models/Location.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.models.Location
com/cs673/gofoodie/repositories/UserRepository.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.repositories.UserRepository
com/cs673/gofoodie/repositories/FoodTruckDetailsRepository.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.repositories.FoodTruckDetailsRepository
com/cs673/gofoodie/repositories/FoodTruckRepository.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.repositories.FoodTruckRepository
com/cs673/gofoodie/config/CustomUserDetails.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.config.CustomUserDetails
com/cs673/gofoodie/config/PageConfig.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.config.PageConfig
com/cs673/gofoodie/services/CustomUserDetailsService.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.services.CustomUserDetailsService
com/cs673/gofoodie/config/CustomizeAuthenticationSuccessHandler.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.config.CustomizeAuthenticationSuccessHandler
com/cs673/gofoodie/models/FoodTruckDetails.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.models.FoodTruckDetails
com/cs673/gofoodie/models/User.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.models.User
com/cs673/gofoodie/models/Reviews.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.models.Reviews
com/cs673/gofoodie/models/Role.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.models.Role
com/cs673/gofoodie/config/WebSecurityConfig.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.config.WebSecurityConfig
com/cs673/gofoodie/controllers/GoFoodieDetailsController.java
 com.cs673.gofoodie.controllers.GoFoodieDetailsController
